might be compared to the transition from
war to peace or from poverty and
prosperity in the Middle East Africa
elsewhere
Albright where the butterflies
thank you I'm honored to be with you
today for your commencement from one of
the finest universities in the world
first story is about connecting the dots
I dropped out Reed College after the
first six months but then stayed around
as a drop-in for another 18 months or so
before I really quit it started behind
his burn my biological mother was a
young unwed graduate student and she
decided to put me up for adoption she
very strongly that I should be a doctor
so my parents to sign the final adoption
papers
so 17 years later I did go to college
but I never chose a college it was fun
was this expensive the Stanford my
working-class parents savings were they
spent on my college tuition we don't
when you came back to the majors ice
here he done it and you guys could be
that team again it's stressful the
heaviness it means success holders it's
her place for the light being a beginner
again it's easier to go into
competitions when you have nothing to
lose never even accrues right yeah
there's two things going on different
times that careers boot this team Celia
spent all season last year pretty much
down the dumps right then even there to
be successful you be able just started
to just accept the fact that that was
likely right so we can take chances you
can get out there take crits then turned
out what you know so the trick is never
practice like the team that is failing
and as things to prove but I have the
confidence the team effort still
do you understand yeah random I have a
wonderful family together I'm pretty
sure this would have happened if I
hadn't been fired from Apple it was I'm
tasting medicine but I guess the patient
needed it sometimes gonna hit you in the
head with a brick don't lose faith I'm
convinced that the only thing that kept
me going what I did
you've got to find what you love and
that is true for work as it is for your
lovers
your work is gonna fill a large part of
your life and the only way to be truly
satisfied is to do what you believe is
great work and if an only way to do
great work is to love what you do your
work is going to fill a large part of
your life and the only way to be truly
satisfied is to do what you believe is
great work and the only way to do great
work is to love what you do is to know
what you do love what you do and what
you do